Leah: Hello, folks! today I'm going to tell you about this space station. If you are interested in living in our space station, it will be our honor. Have you heard about our space station before
Q: Aha! Of course I know about you. That’s famous. And why I came to visit here.
Leah: lovely! Let's get up on stage so I can give you a fuller picture
Q pushes his partner wheelchairs, followed Leah onto the platform and took the AR glasses that Leah handed them to her. Q only put them on herself because her partner was dizzy with 3D.
Leah: What you're looking at here is our business zone, which is the center of our area, and everyone who lives here can come and work here, but we have a requirement that only people who have lived here for more than two years can be hired. As you know, your identity changes every day... .
Q: Every day? Will my partner and I still know each other?
Q interrupts Leah, who is afraid the identity change will make them forget each other.
L: Will, of course, it seems that you are not very familiar with our project, I will give you details, you know, the human world is always full of prejudice, we in order to eliminate this kind of thought, so launched the identity inheritance, once when you choose to stay in our station, we will for your characteristics and data, in all aspects of the collection, And by loading your human identity into the space station world, your identity becomes a model and is added to the space station's model library. The model library is the identity library, and your daily identity is drawn from the library and randomly assigned. Each identity experience period is a month, and during that month, you will have a new appearance and identity, and you will have a period of coming to terms with your new body, because identities can be as varied as an old person with arthritis, a nine-year-old kid with a naughty stage, a student who needs a wheelchair, We believe that prejudice against individual differences can only be removed through the experience of identity.
Q: Indeed, in this way, it is easier to experience the plight and feelings of different groups and different ages. The community becomes more inclusive and harmonious. I love it so much
Excited, Q bent down and kissed her partner in the wheelchair.
L: I have been to China before, and I think there is a lack of design for special groups in the public environment,
Q's partner: Yes, I have lived in China since I was a child. I don't like to go out because it is inconvenient and people always look at me differently.
L: Do you have any worries about the possibility of realizing a "harmonious society"? datong
Q's partner was amused by the pronunciation of Leah
Q's companion: Yeah, is Datong, you are
Leah shows Q a job Posting and says to Q
Maybe we'll be colleagues in a year, and tomorrow I'll say goodbye to this skin
Q: Tomorrow? Then I won't recognize you next time
Leah: Yeah you are right, but the system will tell you, I will recognize you
